AI News is Making You Numb.... 

"Stop it... 

I know you are scrolling and looking at aThumbnail... Thinking if you didn't  watch it...  You will be left behind....

There is a panic attack inside you... You  are scared for your  job.. You wanna be Ai first you also want to sound smart and exactly what is happening in Silcon valley...

You are Scrolling now... A  video  pops  up  ,  Scary robot  looking right in to your eyes.. With a  thumbnail  The end of humanity as 
we know... Followed by  a  $99 course that will save you from all this...

YOu Then find another video Just below that one with a  big laugh wide open eyes as if  Ai is a total joke and it means nothing... You should not be worried aobut it and it's all son shines and rainbows....


You think you are learning... You feel good you watched So many Ai videos  and now you know what's going on in the world of AI...

List to me carefully... 

You Learned nothing... .... It's just coginitive load...you are watching without contemplating...

First of All when too much information is spilled on your face you brain shuts off... It does not learn infact it cant actually learn... 

Think about it...  

The last AIvideo you watched... What do ou actually remember from?   Did you apply  that information in your life.. Did that Video actually  improve your understanding of Ai...

The answer must be  a  big NO.... 

Why because i  do it myself...  i watch Ai news and podcasts...  later on  i try to right  what i learned... and i realized i did't learn anything at all...

And now  you  are tired you feel like you  did something but in reality you didn't and  that's how  this bige watching  makes you  numb...   You didn't do anything... nothing about your life improved but you brain  doesn't know that...and that is why you keep on repeating this cycle which makes  your life miserable...

So Stop watching too many ai vidoes you are not actually doing things...

IF you are into learning AI... you need to pick up one tool one concept... and just go deeper  into learning that one thing....

Generic surface level information does nothing and it does not stay in your bain for longer..  IF you did not actually try learning sonmehing you didn't go through difficulty your brain won't sustain it... Watching youtube videos and eating chips is not learningat all...  you forget everything the moment you next one...

it all comes from deep learhing... Pick up onthing  and crush it...

Or just don't watch anything.. it is not helping you... You should rather keep your mind in peace then watching those big headlines...



 